Switch to comm message for colab (#63)
imjoy-team/imjoy-rpc: README.md

## Data type representation

> ImJoy RPC is built on top of two-way transport layer. Currently, we support 3 types of transport layer: [Jupyter comm messages](https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/stable/comms.html), Google Colab, and SocketIO. Data with different types are encoded into a unified represention and send over the transport layer. It will then be decoded into the same or corresponding data type on the otherside.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ImJoy RPC is built on top of two-way transport layer. Currently, we support 3 types of transport layer: [Jupyter comm messages](https://jupyter-notebook.readthedocs.io/en/stable/comms.html), Google Colab, and SocketIO. Data with different types are encoded into a unified representation and send over the transport layer. It will then be decoded into the same or corresponding data type on the other side.
```
